Add dbt test and dbt build to fail fast (#3347)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/global-configs.md

### Failing fast

> [Supply the `-x` or `--fail-fast` flag to `dbt run` to make dbt exit immediately if a single resource fails to build. If other models are in-progress when the first model fails, then dbt will terminate the connections for these still-running models.](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/issues/911)

Reviewer: hi @genwhitt ! thanks for visiting our table at WTD Writing Day. I think the copy/pasta we were working on got mixed up. Let's get your real update in!

> [Supply the `-x` or `--fail-fast` flag to `dbt run` to make dbt exit immediately if a single resource fails to build. If other models are in-progress when the first model fails, then dbt will terminate the connections for these still-running models.](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/issues/911)

Author: ```suggestion
Supply the `-x` or `--fail-fast` flag to `dbt run`, `dbt test`, or `dbt build` to make dbt exit immediately if a single resource fails to build. If other models are in-progress when the first model fails, dbt terminates the connections for these models that are still running.
```
